aws_iot: Update documentation according to AWS certification feedback (#9706)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/aws_fota.rst

      }

   Replace the *bucket_name* with the name of your bucket.

.. note::
   The policy example is only intended for development environments.

>    AWS Best Practises recommends that the **principal** is specified in the Bucket Policy to prevent ananymous users access to S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AWS Best Practices recommends that the **principal** is specified in the Bucket Policy to prevent anonymous users access to S3.
```
